Some people just need a high five. In the face. With a chair.
It's a shame you can't Photoshop your personality.
I don't hate you, but I might unplug your life support to change my phone.
Don't you get tired of putting make-up on two faces every morning?
Oh you're talking to me, I thought you only talked behind my back.
My phone battery lasts longers than your relationships.
When karma comes back to punch you in the face, I want to be there in case it needs help.
I'm sorry you got offended that one time you were treated the way you treat everyone all the time. 
Maybe you should eat make-up so you'd be pretty on the inside too.
Whoever told you to be yourself gave you really bad advice.
I didn't change. I grew up. Maybe you should try it some time.
Where's your off button?
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
90% of your "beauty" could be removed with a Kleenex.
Hey, I found your nose, it's in my business again!
I'm not an astronomer but I'm pretty sure the Earth revolves around the Sun, not you.        
Keep rolling your eyes. Maybe you'll find your brain back there.
I'd explain it to you, but I left my English-To-Dumbass Dictionary at home.
It looks like your face caught fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
Sometimes, I don't know whether I should hate you or pity you.
You're so fake Barbie's jealous.
Remember that time when you had an original comeback? Me neither!
Go step on a Lego.
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? Because it looks like you landed on your face.
I bet you spent all night thinking of that one!
Some babies got dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown against a wall.
Wanna know what makes me laugh? Not you!
Do you have bad luck when it comes to thinking?
Make-up might be doing a good job at covering your ugly face but we can still see your hideous personality.
Was that supposed to be offensive?
I've met fridges hotter than you.
Someday you'll go far... And I hope you'll stay there.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
Brains aren't everything. In your case, they're nothing.
I'm sorry I didn't get that - I don't speak Idiot.
I'd slap you, but I don't want to make your face look any better.
You have the right to remain silent because whatever you say will be stupid anyway.